Python Libraries

Pandas :
- used in data analysis, data manipulation and cleaning of data.
- supports operations like Sorting , Re-indexing, iteration, Aggregation , Concatenation , Visualization.
- suited for working with tabular data such as spreadsheey or sql tables.
- key components :  
    . Series : single column of data
    . DataFrame : table with rows and column (eg:table)


    Name    Age  City
0   Person1 25   Pokhara
1   Person2 30   Kathmandu
2   Person3 35   Bhaktapur

Panda operations that can be performed
. get specific column
. get specific row by index
. filter data (eg:person who lives in Kathmandu )
. add new column
. update a value
. save data (i.e: csv format)

Numphy : 
- used for numerical computing
- helps you work with arrays and perform mathematical operations
- key Components:
    . Array
    . Array Operation

Operations with Numpy
. creating array (e.g. 1D array , 2D array)
. perform mathematical operation (Addition,Multiplication,)
. utilize functions for various numerical computation (mean, standard deviation))

Tensorflow:
- used to design, build, and train deep learning models
- helps to create complex algorithms that can learn from data and make predictions.

Key Concepts
    . Nodes : represents mathematical operations
    . Edges / Tensor : representas multidimensional data arrays called tensors.
    . Computational Graph : is used to represent complex calculations , basically represents 
                            series of Tensorflow operations arranged in graph of nodes.
    . Model Building: set of algorithm that learns from data.

Example to understand Tensorflow
a+b=c 
a and b are input tensors
add is nodesc is resultant tensors

Operations with Tensorflow
. creating tensor (1D tensor(vector) , 2D tensor (Matrix))
. tensor operation (Addition, multiplication)
. building and training simple model and make predictions


Keras:
-part of Tensorflow library and used for building and training neural networks

Key Concepts
    . Models: is basic data structure that describes how data flows through layers to make prediction
    . Layers: components of models which are fed input , process information and provide output
    . Compilation: defining how to set up model so that model learns from data.
    . Training : process of feeding data into model and adjusting model's parameter to improve performance

Application of Keras : Image and video processing, Natural Language Processing

Pytorch :
- allows to perform efficient computation and 

Key Concepts
    . Tensor : multidimensional array variables used as foundation for all advanced operations.
    . Computationa Graph : used to track and perform calculation
    . Variable : stored data 
    . Modules : essential to create and train neural

